let the dead stay dead for their hell is
the land they pillage whatever that
means
hello boys
how that can't be good excuse me pardon
me what did you get yourself into this
yep good to see you again
all right
alright ok it's alright sorry it's ok
you ok look I'm not gonna hurt you not
if you're no okay no way they're not
coming back
did you did you kill them who tied this
yeah they're all dead your friend
arraign us yeah wouldn't call her friend
she hired me because of my topographical
expertise I map reading huh come in Andy
nope we're just gonna leave her there
Raina got what she deserved alright she
tried to have me killed twice so yeah
I'm just gonna leave her there
besides I don't need some corpse follow
me around at this point
oh good
Dre good of you to join us not exactly
rate of shot you I watched you die
yes my personal gratitude goes to her
for starting this liberation he said his
name is Joseph he served under Eric the
red or something Viking what are you
talking about
Rana said that this land it was cursed
me that they could possess the bodies of
whoever died here Clark knew that this
area needed to remain desolate so he
went back to civilization and loves his
findings here buried but if they didn't
know about the Roanoke if that helps the
lost settlers lost but not the guy they
were the first to be taken
stay dead so the hell is the land they
pillage standing well thank you mr.
Drake Wow with this we can find the
location of the iron my pleasure
jackass it'll be good to be among the
living
once again
Jenna do not damage their bodies they
decay rather quickly sounds great
where do I sign